# Changelog

1.0.1

# Fixed in this release
* Cyclical structures are now removed when sent to the console, preventing large circular structures from causing an out-of-memory issue on Android.

1.0.0

# New in this release
* TypeScript support has been added, providing improved type checking and better coding experience for TypeScript users.
* The ability to configure collector endpoints and logging level has been added, providing more control over the data collection process.
* The ability to turn off logging for iOS has been added, providing more control over the data collection process.

# Fixed in this release
* Unhandled promise rejection handler will now handle null errors generated by React Native, ensuring that the application continues to run smoothly.
* Cyclical structures are now properly handled when sent to the console, avoiding potential errors and crashes in the logging process.


0.0.9

## New in this release

* Updated Native Android Agent Version


## Fixed in this release

* Reduced bundle size of agent
* Fixed issue where pod hash would change on different builds 


0.0.8
## New in this release

* Added hot and cold app launch time. You can find more information here: [Android](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/install-configure/configure-app-launch-time-android-apps) and [iOS](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/configuration/app-launch-times-ios-apps)


## Fixed in this release

* Fix for recursive call for react native navigation for <=v4
* Removed jcenter from Android

0.0.7
## Fixed in this release
* Fixed an issue where error stack trace length would cause crashing in iOS apps.

0.0.6

## New in this release
* Add methods that are currently available in the android and XCFramework agents.
* Add `recordError` to record javascript errors for react-native.
* Add methods to set agent configuration after the agent has started.


## Fixed in this release
* Fixed an issue where null errors in the global react native handler would cause errors on the XCFramework agent module.

0.0.5

Fixed issue where JS Errors are not recording for iOS apps when Error stack length is lesser than 4096

0.0.4
Fix Null Pointer Exception Crash

0.0.3
Add Routing Instrumentation which will capture the current screen and record it as breadcrumb. Add support for Native Agent's Features Configuration

 0.0.2
 Fix ErrorStack null crash

 0.0.1
 React Native Agent GA release